a. next meeting agenda b. a folder for old agendas (#14)
wg21il/Protocols: next_meeting_agenda.md

+-----------+-------+----------------+----------+----------------------------------------------------------+
|           | Inbal | 10 Minutes     | 21:10    | Overall overview of the proposed changes                 |
+-----------+-------+----------------+----------+----------------------------------------------------------+
|           | Inbal | 5 Minutes each | 22:10    | agree on reasoning for each name changes                 |
|           |       |                |          | no editing, just highlights                              |
+-----------+-------+----------------+----------+----------------------------------------------------------+
|           |       | ~2h            |          |                                                          |
+-----------+-------+----------------+----------+----------------------------------------------------------+

* The numbers in the table refers to the numbers in [Amir's doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AXgg3-sMhYFNv0UJ95K1XQiNBbk9wQ16t6lY5YVidtQ/edit?usp=sharing).

## Documents

* Notice: 
  * This meeting focusase on continue working on naming changes suggestions for executors.

>   * **We're aiming to focuse on suggesting up to two names per section**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **We're aiming to focus on suggesting up to two names per section**. 
```

>   * **Please make sure you go over the references before hand**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Please make sure you go over the references beforehand**.
```
